Proposed Level of Achievement Write-up

Our team proposes that we should be granted the Project Gemini (Intermediate)
level of achievement. It can be seen from the log that we have worked
consistently throughout the past few months on our Orbital project, and have had
many meetings to work together on the project. We have also met together to
complete the peer evaluations.

For Mission Controls, both of us have physically attended the Mission Controls
and applied what we learnt from Bootstrap, which is the base of all our CSS
and JS formatting, JQuery which we used to all our Javascript app programming,
Google (which we did not apply since it was not a technical Mission Control),
and Web Security, which we will soon apply to sanitize our inputs and prevent
attacks on our web app.

Our app is a web application with creation and retrieval of maps from a
database. We have not implemented deletion yet, but we believe that the local
app programming of map creation and viewing is equivalent in difficulty to that.

We also implemented multiple extensions, which is part of the Gemini requirements.
Our app is also based on Ruby on Rails instead of Google App Engine, allowing us
greater flexibility with the Rails MVC and using Javascript / HTML. We also have
social media integration in sharing our maps, and applied the above Mission
Control technologies in our project. Through our use of Bootstrap, our website
displays well and responsively in different screen sizes as well as mobile
devices.

An additional feature we added which is suggested for Apollo is our use of Git
version control from the very start of the project.

Regarding usability testing, due to time constraints, we have only been able to
conduct limited informal tests with friends who happened to be nearby when we
were working on our project.

Despite this, we believe that what we have done above should be enough to be
granted Project Gemini, and we hope that you think the same and will give us a
minimum of 2.5/4 stars.
